HTTP stands for hypertext transfer protocol & it is used in client-server communication.

HTTP/1.1

1.It works on the textual format.
2.There is head of line blocking that blocks all the requests behind it until it doesn’t get its all resources.
3.It uses requests resource Inlining for use getting multiple pages
4.It compresses data by itself.

HTTP/2
1.It works on the binary protocol.
2.It allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.
3.It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages 
4.It uses HPACK for data compression.

objects and its internal representation in Javascript

Objects, in JavaScript, is it’s most important data-type and forms the building blocks for modern JavaScript. These objects are quite different from JavaScript’s primitive data-types(Number, String, Boolean, null, undefined and symbol) in the sense that while these primitive data-types all store a single value each (depending on their types).

Objects are more complex and each object may contain any combination of these primitive data-types as well as reference data-types.
An object, is a reference data type. Variables that are assigned a reference value are given a reference or a pointer to that value. That reference or pointer points to the location in memory where the object is stored. The variables don’t actually store the value.

Loosely speaking, objects in JavaScript may be defined as an unordered collection of related data, of primitive or reference types, in the form of “key: value” pairs. These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods, respectively, in the context of an object.

For Eg. If your object is a student, it will have properties like name, age, address, id, etc and methods like updateAddress, updateNam, etc.


IP Address
An Internet Protocol (IP) address is the unique identifying number assigned to every device connected to the internet. An IP address definition is a numeric label assigned to devices that use the internet to communicate.

Port
A port is a virtual point where network connections start and end. Ports are software-based and managed by a computer's operating system. Each port is associated with a specific process or service.

HTTP 

The Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) is designed to enable communications between clients and servers. HTTP works as a request-response protocol between a client and server. Example: A client (browser) sends an HTTP request to the server; then the server returns a response to the client.

MAC address
A MAC (Media Access Control) address, sometimes referred to as a hardware or physical address, is a unique, 12-character alphanumeric attribute that is used to identify individual electronic devices on a network. An example of a MAC address is: 00-B0-D0-63-C2-26